Otherwise, the king of the underground
What are you in charge of?
This just said to ask King Shura to kneel for you
Let the king of the underground be the master
Hello big webby
I don't know, I thought you were Wu Weijun's
his old man
I'm going to pee my pants because of you, hahaha.
kid
Even I didn't ask to see the old man of Xiulou Wang
All four are waiting for his old man to summon them
Just because you are a poor loser who sells fish
To say such a thing
Could it be that you have 100 lives?
Sue, Lord Wang is the leader of the underground dragons
If you dare to rebel, you will have a hundred lives
10,000 lives is not enough for you to die
He is a dragon in your eyes
It's just a worm in my eyes
I let him give birth and he has to give birth
I let him die and he has to die
I make him kneel and he won't dare to fight
Xiao Chen, you are getting bigger and bigger
Wait until the Dragon King really comes
Yaoyao and I will be buried with you
Buried with you, hey, hey, not so much
I'm not that cruel
Just wait until Mr. Wang comes after the break
I sent him to Asura Purgatory
Let him enjoy a thousand tortures
All kinds of torture
Can't survive
beg for death
Hahaha
Until then, there will still be you, little girl.
I went to South East Asia
Let this superb thing
It's a pity to die
Then let you enjoy the bliss of the world
I made some money
Win-win ah hahahaha
Qingxue, don't worry.
They won't be able to laugh later
Tell you
I am the one who welcomes the armrest back faction in Shura Jiadao